too many people think that if if they
find something they don't get it must be
because there's something wrong with
them that's not true if you if you find
something that you don't get there's
almost certainly something wrong with
something else it's either with the
people who've told you about it or you
know the the the authors of the books or
the teachers of the courses or whatever
or there is something wrong with the
actual
material and and even if the material is
literally true
they may be looking at it the wrong way
and your perplexity may be and in some
sense must
be uh the fact that you're looking at it
in
a way that wasn't intended and which has
some potential for improving it